Jacqueline Baum#
Tufts University#
images/ProfPics/JakeBaumLg.jpg#
“I just wanted to let you know how much I appreciate everything you have done for me. I never thought that a single person could have as much of an impact on me as you have had, and I’m so grateful for that. Committing to Tufts University is something I couldn’t even dream of a year ago, and I am so proud to say that I’m a Jumbo. It is an outstanding accomplishment and you have been a huge role in making it happen, because you always believed in me and supported me. You have been an amazing mentor and role model to me for the last couple years, and you will continue to be for my entire life. Not only have you motivated me through your tennis accomplishments, but your attitude, perspectives, and outlook on life are truly inspiring. You have taught me the value of hard work, determination, and confidence. Most importantly, you have taught me to believe in myself. I know that if I can obtain half the attitude you have by college, I will have succeeded. You’ve coached me for a little less than four years, and I feel like I’ve become a much better tennis player and person since then. I’ve become more responsible, independent and confident, and I’m so happy with the person I’ve become. Not only can I now hit a backhand volley and a slice, but I now have faith in myself and can see myself along with other things in a more positive light. I hope you always continue coaching at CPAC, because you are an amazing role model for every student there. You have such a great influence on all of us, because your positivity and attitude is contagious. One of the qualities I admire most of you is your ability to stand out. You can always feel your presence in the room. When you talk, everyone wants to listen. When you say jump, everyone jumps. Moving forward, with whatever I choose to do with my life, I hope to also find a way to stand out and make a difference, because that is a quality of a true champion. Again, I can’t thank you enough for all you’ve done for me. You have been there for me for the past four years and never stopped believing in me. You have helped me become a more well-rounded, mature, and confident individual and tennis player, and I’ll never forget that.“#